## GCP Spot Poller
### Background
I'm running two home servers in my room that I'd like to be able to expose to the public internet without needing to do any port-forwarding through the home wifi router. I do this using a VPN ([Zerotier](https://www.zerotier.com/)) to connect my servers to a cloud VM ([GCP Compute Engine](https://cloud.google.com/compute/) instance). The cloud VM has a public IP, and thus can be accessed publicly, it's just there as a proxy server for my home servers. Because there isn't much processing power needed for this cloud VM instance (and because I'm a cheapskate), I've opted for the lowest tier specs and created the VM as a [spot instance](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/spot). This means that my VM will cost much less, at the downside of being preemptible (meaning GCP can shutdown this instance without warning). This is okay though, because instances that have been preempted can simply just be restarted, through the GCP console. However, there doesn't seem to be a way to automatically restart Spot VMs, which is the problem that this Go program solves. Along with that, each time a spot instance is restarted, it will get a new public IP address, and I would like to know the proxy server's IP everytime a new one gets assigned (for SSH connections), and this program can send notification emails.

### Design
This is a simple polling application that will poll the Compute Engine API at a specified rate, each request will tell us our VM's running status, and if the VM isn't running, then we use the API to turn the VM on again. Once the VM is up and running again, a flag is marked to send out an email, and then the program continues polling.